Push edge Helm Chart to OCI registries (#3581)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: deployments/helm-chart/README.md

    - Update the `controller.image.repository` field of the `values-plus.yaml` accordingly.
  - If you’d like to use App Protect DoS, please install App Protect DoS Arbitrator helm chart. Make sure to install in the same namespace as the NGINX Ingress Controller. Note that if you install multiple NGINX Ingress Controllers in the same namespace, they will need to share the same Arbitrator because it is not possible to install more than one Arbitrator in a single namespace.

## CRDs

By default, the Ingress Controller requires a number of custom resource definitions (CRDs) installed in the cluster. The Helm client will install those CRDs. If the CRDs are not installed, the Ingress Controller pods will not become `Ready`.

If you do not use the custom resources that require those CRDs (which corresponds to `controller.enableCustomResources` set to `false` and `controller.appprotect.enable` set to `false` and `controller.appprotectdos.enable` set to `false`), the installation of the CRDs can be skipped by specifying `--skip-crds` for the helm install command.

### Upgrading the CRDs

> To upgrade the CRDs, you would need to pull the chart sources like described in [Pulling the Chart](#pulling-the-chart) and then run:

Reviewer: Ditto
```suggestion
To upgrade the CRDs, pull the chart sources as described in [Pulling the Chart](#pulling-the-chart) and then run:
```

```console
$ kubectl apply -f crds/
```
> **Note**
>
> The following warning is expected and can be ignored: `Warning: kubectl apply should be used on resource created by either kubectl create --save-config or kubectl apply`.
>
> Make sure to check the [release notes](https://www.github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/releases) for a new release for any special upgrade procedures.

### Uninstalling the CRDs

> To remove the CRDs, you would need to pull the chart sources like described in [Pulling the Chart](#pulling-the-chart) and then run:

Reviewer: This language feels a bit superfluous. 
```suggestion
To remove the CRDs, pull the chart sources like described in [Pulling the Chart](#pulling-the-chart) and then run:
```

```console
$ kubectl delete -f crds/
```
> **Note**
>
> This command will delete all the corresponding custom resources in your cluster across all namespaces. Please ensure there are no custom resources that you want to keep and there are no other Ingress Controller releases running in the cluster.

> ## Managing the Chart via OCI Registry (edge version)

Author: I'm not 100% convinced about `Managing` but I couldn't come up with anything better (same for all the other sections)

Reviewer: I know it's repetition with the other sections, but I feel `Installing` is better than `Managing`.

Reviewer: Never mind, I've changed my mind as I kept going down the page 😆 Ignore me, managing is fine...

> **Warning**
>
> The `edge` version is not intended for production use. It is intended for testing and development purposes only.

> ### Installing the Chart

Reviewer: If we change the header to `Installing the Chart via OCI Registry (edge version)`, maybe this should be an instruction of
```suggestion
### Install the Chart
```

To install the chart with the release name my-release (my-release is the name that you choose):

For NGINX:
```console
$ helm install my-release oci://ghcr.io/nginxinc/charts/nginx-ingress --version 0.0.0-edge
```

For NGINX Plus: (assuming you have pushed the Ingress Controller image `nginx-plus-ingress` to your private registry `myregistry.example.com`)
```console
$ helm install my-release oci://ghcr.io/nginxinc/charts/nginx-ingress --version 0.0.0-edge --set controller.image.repository=myregistry.example.com/nginx-plus-ingress --set controller.nginxplus=true
```

This will install the latest `edge` version of the Ingress Controller from GitHub Container Registry. If you prefer to use Docker Hub, you can replace `ghcr.io/nginxinc/charts/nginx-ingress` with `registry-1.docker.io/nginxcharts/nginx-ingress`.

> ## Managing the Chart via Helm Repository

Reviewer: As above, I think `Installing` is better
```suggestion
## Installing the Chart via Helm Repository
```

> ### Adding the helm repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add the helm repository
```

```console
$ helm repo add nginx-stable https://helm.nginx.com/stable
$ helm repo update
```

> ### Installing the Chart

Reviewer: Same suggestion as above
```suggestion
### Install the Chart
```
